Large refactor of documentation (#190)
dandi/dandi-docs: docs/user-guide-using/accessing-data/downloading.md

Dandisets.

**Before You Begin**: You need to have Python 3.8+ and install the DANDI Python Client using `pip install dandi`.

> If you have an issue using the Python CLI, see the [Dandi Debugging section](https://dandi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/debugging.html).

Reviewer: This page goes to 404.

```suggestion
If you have an issue using the DANDI Client, see the [docs](https://dandi.readthedocs.io).
```
